  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DATA PROTECTION NOTICE FOR CUSTOMERS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
DATA PROTECTION NOTICE FOR CUSTOMERS 
DATA PROTECTION NOTICE FOR CUSTOMERS 
 
This Data Protection Notice (“Notice”) sets out the basis which Shake Shack Singapore Jewel 
Ptd Ltd (“we”, “us”, or “our”) may collect, use, disclose or otherwise process personal data of 
our customers in accordance with the Personal Data Protection Act (“ PDPA”). This Notice 
applies to personal data in our possession or under our control, including personal data in the 
possession of organisations which we have engaged to collect, use, disclose or process 
personal data for our purposes.  
 
PERSONAL DATA   
 
1. As used in this Notice: 
 
“customer” means an individual who (a) has contacted us through any means to find 
out more about any goods or services we provide, or (b) may, or has, entered into a 
contract with us for the supply of any goods or services by us; and 
 
“personal data ” means data, whether true or not, about a customer who can be 
identified: (a) from that data; or (b) from that data and other information to which we 
have or are likely to have access.  
 
2. Depending on the nature of your interaction with us, some examples of personal data 
which we may collect from you include name, residential address, email address, 
telephone number, nationality, gender, date of birth and marital status.   
 
3. Other terms used in this Notice shall have the meanings given to them in the PDPA 
(where the context so permits). 
  
COLLECTION, USE AND DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL DATA 
 
4. We generally do not collect your personal data unless (a) it is provided to us voluntarily 
by you directly or via a third party who has been duly authorised by you to disclose 
your personal data to us (your “ authorised representative ”) after (i) you (or your 
authorised representative) have been notified of the purposes for which the data is 
collected, and (ii) you (or your authorised representative) have provided written 
consent to the collection and usage of your personal data for th ose purposes, or (b) 
collection and use of personal data without consent is permitted or required by the 
PDPA or other laws. We shall seek your consent before collecting any additional 
personal data and before using your personal data for a purpose which has not been 
notified to you (except where permitted or authorised by law). 
 
5. We may collect and use your personal data for any or all of the following purposes: 
 
(a) verifying your identity; 
(b) responding to, handling, and processing queries, requests, applications, 
complaints, and feedback from you; 
(c) managing your relationship with us; 
(d) processing payment or credit transactions; and 
(e) any other purposes for which you have provided the information. 
 
6. We may disclose your personal data: 
 
 
3 
 
DATA PROTECTION NOTICE FOR CUSTOMERS 
 
(a) where such disclosure is required for performing obligations in the course of or 
in connection with our provision of the goods and services requested by you; 
or 
(b) to third party service providers, agents and other organisations we have 
engaged to perform any of the functions with reference to the above mentioned 
purposes. 
 
 
DEEMED CONSENT BY NOTIFICATION 
 
7. We may collect or use your personal data, or disclose existing personal data for 
secondary purposes that differ from the primary purpose which it had originally 
collected for pursuant to clauses 5 and 6. If Shake Shack Singapore Jewel Ptd Ltd 
intends to rely on deemed consent by notification for such secondary purposes, Shake 
Shack Singapore Jewel  Ptd Ltd  will notify you of the proposed collection, use or 
disclosure of his personal data through  appropriate mode(s) of communication. 
 
8. In particular, we may rely on deemed consent by notification to collect, use or disclose 
your personal data for the following purposes: 
 
i. CCTV footage in the operating stores.; and 
ii. Photography and videography in the operating stores.. 
 
9. Before relying on deemed consent by notification, Shake Shack Singapore Jewel Ptd 
Ltd will assess and determine that the collection, use and disclosure of the personal 
data will not likely have an adverse effect on you. 
 
10. You will be given a reasonable period to inform us if you wish to opt-out of the collection, 
use and disclosure of your personal data for such purposes.  
 
11. After the lapse of the opt -out period, you may notify us that you no longer wish to 
consent to the purposes for which your consent was deemed by notification by 
withdrawing your consent for the collection, use or disclosure of your personal data in 
relation to those purposes. 
 
WITHDRAWING YOUR CONSENT  
 
12. The consent that you provide for the collection, use and disclosure of your personal 
data will remain valid until such time it is being withdrawn by you in writing. You may 
withdraw consent and request us to stop collecting, using and/or disclosing your 
personal data for any or all of the purposes listed above by submitting your request in 
writing or via email to our Data Protection Officer at the contact details provided below. 
 
13. Upon receipt of your written request to withdraw your consent, we may require 
reasonable time (depending on the complexity of the request and its impact on our 
relationship with you) for your request to be processed and for us to notify you of the 
consequences of us acceding to the same, including any legal consequences which 
may affect your rights and liabilities to us. In general, we shall seek to process your 
request within ten (10) business days of receiving it.  
 
14. Whilst we respect your decision to withdraw your consent, please note that depending 
on the nature and scope of your request, we may not be in a position to continue 
providing our goods or services to you and we shall, in such circumstances, notify you 
before completing the processing of your request . Should you decide to cancel your 
 
4 
 
DATA PROTECTION NOTICE FOR CUSTOMERS 
 
withdrawal of consent, please inform us in writing in the manner described in clause 7 
above.  
 
15. Please note that withdrawing consent  does not affect our right to continue to collect, 
use and disclose personal data where such collection, use and disclose without 
consent is permitted or required under applicable laws. 
 
ACCESS TO AND CORRECTION OF PERSONAL DATA 
 
16. If you wish to make (a) an access request for access to a copy of the personal data 
which we hold about you or information about the ways in which we use or disclose 
your personal data, or (b) a correction request to correct or update any of your personal 
data which we hold about you, you may submit your request in writing or via email to 
our Data Protection Officer at the contact details provided below.  
 
17. Please note that a reasonable fee may be charged for an access request. If so, we will 
inform you of the fee before processing your request.  
 
18. We will respond to your request as soon as reasonably possible. In general, our 
response will be within thirty (30) business days. Should we not be able to respond to 
your request within thirty (30) days after receiving your request, we will inform you in 
writing within thirty (30) days of the time by which we will be able to respond to your 
request. If we are unable to provide you with any personal data or to make a correction 
requested by you, we shall generally inform you of the reasons why we are unable  to 
do so (except where we are not required to do so under the PDPA). 
 
PROTECTION OF PERSONAL DATA 
 
19. To safeguard your personal data from unauthorised access, collection, use, disclosure, 
copying, modification, disposal or similar risks, we have introduced appropriate 
administrative, physical and technical measures such as minimised collection of 
personal data, authentication and access controls (such as good password practices, 
need-to-basis for data disclosure, etc.), encryption of data, up -to-date antivirus 
protection, and security review and testing performed regularly.  
 
20. You should be aware, however, that no method of transmission over the Internet or 
method of electronic storage is completely secure. While security cannot be 
guaranteed, we strive to protect the security of your information and are constantly 
reviewing and enhancing our information security measures. 
 
ACCURACY OF PERSONAL DATA 
 
21. We generally rely on personal data provided by you (or your authorised representative). 
In order to ensure that your personal data is current, complete and accurate, please 
update us if there are changes to your personal data by informing our Data Protection 
Officer in writing or via email at the contact details provided below. 
 
RETENTION OF PERSONAL DATA  
 
22. We may retain your personal data for as long as it is necessary to fulfil the purpose for 
which it was collected, or as required or permitted by applicable laws. 
 
23. We will cease to retain your personal data, or remove the means by which the data 
can be associated with you, as soon as it is reasonable to assume that such retention 
 
5 
 
DATA PROTECTION NOTICE FOR CUSTOMERS 
 
no longer serves the purpose for which the personal data was collected, and is no 
longer necessary for legal or business purposes. 
 
TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL DATA OUTSIDE OF SINGAPORE 
 
24. We generally do not transfer your personal data to countries outside of Singapore. 
However, if we do so, we will obtain your consent for the transfer to be made and we 
will take steps to ensure that your personal data continues to receive a standard of 
protection that is at least comparable to that provided under the PDPA. 
 
DATA PROTECTION OFFICER 
 
25. You may contact our Data Protection Officer if you have any enquiries or feedback on 
our personal data protection policies and procedures, or if you wish to make any 
request, in the following manner:  
 
 
Email Address: dpo@spcgroup.com.sg 
 
 
 
EFFECT OF NOTICE AND CHANGES TO NOTICE 
 
26. This Notice applies in conjunction with any other notices, contractual clauses and 
consent clauses that apply in relation to the collection, use and disclosure of your 
personal data by us. 
 
27. We may revise this Notice from time to time without any prior notice. You may 
determine if any such revision has taken place by referring to the date on which this 
Notice was last updated. Your continued use of our services constitutes your 
acknowledgement and acceptance of such changes.  
 
Effective date :  14/10/2022 
Last updated :  12/11/2024 